[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and welcome to the season 3 episode to
recap of killing Eve as always there
will be spoilers so proceed with caution
episode 2 begins with a sad-looking Eve
standing on the sidewalk while holding a
half-empty glass of wine and a pack of
cigarettes an annoyingly smug man blows
vapor in her face then it gives her
unsolicited advice about her obvious
alcoholism Eve flees from the jerk and
retreats inside the building where
Kenny's Wake is currently being held
everyone's favorite handler Constantine
is present because apparently he just
does whatever the hell he wants the
consensus amongst the mourners is that a
depressed Kenny jumped from the roof of
the bitter pill but Eve who finished her
wine and upgrade to gin knows better and
begins asking questions no one is
willing to answer and she discovers the
smug vaping bastard is actually Jamie
Kenny's a former editor at the bitter
pill Eve then has a run-in with her
former mi6 boss Carolyn Carolyn is her
usual emotionally bereft self
despite her daughter at Geraldine's
insistence that she needs to grieve
Kenny
Carolyn attempts to talk with Eve but
she's too late Eve is already plastered
and makes a scene before awkwardly
storming away were then transported to
Barcelona where villanelle has just
arrived at a ridiculously gorgeous
Spanish villa and twirls around like a
real-life Chanel ad
[Music]
dasha shows up and takes credit for
villanelles new digs before explaining
the next step in the promotion process
to becoming a keeper the 12 want
villanelle to demonstrate patience and
responsibility by training a new
assassin villanelle tells Dasha she
possesses neither of those traits but
agrees because well what else is she
gonna do
unsurprisingly carolyn is already back
to work at mi6 but after a botched
attempt to run a meeting Paul pulls her
aside and gently tells her it's too soon
after Kenny's death for her to return to
work
he tells Carolyn to go home so of course
she decides to pay Eve a visit at work
but after Carolyn's deception in Rome
Eve is not here for her she
makes Carolyn cut straight to the point
and Carolyn admits she agrees with Eve
Kenny did not commit suicide she wants
to discuss it further but Eve tells
Carolyn that she doesn't work for mi6
anymore and she doesn't have to tell
Carolyn a damn thing in a last-ditch
effort to entice Eve back into the fold
Carolyn shows her a photo of the
political agitator villanelle killed in
the last episode and poor Eve looks as
if she's just seen a ghost but she's
adamant and sticks to her guns after
Carolyn leaves Eve returns to work and
immediately vomits a quick check-in with
Constantine shows that he's still
working for the twelve and despite
wanting to lead London the twelve is
keeping him there to watch over his old
in my six friend villanelle has just
arrived in France and meets with her new
trainee Felix a 19 year old who couldn't
be more ill suited for the job of
assassin if he tried like most people
Felix irritates villanelle but the two
share a brief bonding moment when Felix
admits that after murdering a bully who
beat up his boyfriend his boyfriend
wanted nothing to do with him with a
wistful look in her eye villanelle
agrees that loving someone who doesn't
love you back
feels like disguised as clowns
villanelle and Felix infiltrate a
child's birthday party and villanelle
since Felix inside the targets house to
cleanly and quietly dispatch of him well
seconds later villanelle checks on Felix
only to discover his unsuccessful
attempt at killing the target is in fact
very loud and very messy villanelle
shoots the target as well as Felix then
declares that management sucks Eve who
is pretty much a functioning alcoholic
at this point is sitting at a bar trying
to guess the code to Kenny's work phone
which you'll remember she pocketed last
episode while searching for Cain at the
bitter pill an unknown number begins
blowing up the phone with repeated calls
and rude text messages Eve answers and
of course it's none other than Jamie who
obnoxiously demands that Eve returned
Kenny's work phone to him Eve hangs up
but Jamie's subsequent text messages
eventually get to her and she shows up
at the bitter pill to negotiate the
return of the phone like Eve Jamie
believes Kenny's phone may reveal
information about who killed him and why
in exchange for handing over Kenny's
phone Eve demands access to his computer
files
Jamie agrees to give her an encrypted
thumb drive containing Kenny's work and
Eve finally relinquishes the phone
[Music]
Jamie and crew successfully break into
Kenny's phone and start sticking around
they learn he was secretly dating his
bitter pill co-worker Audrey and Jamie
is comforted by the fact that Kenny was
at least getting some before he died
eve then demands the thumb drive which
Jamie conveniently forgot to tell her is
currently in police custody
she takes back the phone and storms out
another quick check-in with Constantine
shows him fumbling around London and
guess who he just so happens to run into
Carolyn's daughter
Geraldine after exchanging pleasantries
posten teen insists that Geraldine take
the refrigerator magnet souvenir he
purchased for his daughter in last
week's episode Geraldine is touched by
the kind-hearted gesture and accepts the
gift meanwhile Carolyn is still trying
to get her unofficial investigation into
Kenny's death off the ground she talks
to his former coworker and secret
girlfriend Audrey in an effort to better
understand his state of mind at the time
of his death
she asked Audrey if Kenny was happy and
Audrey tells her that Kenny liked to
sing as Club 7 while he was on the loo
which seems like an emphatic yes poor
Carolyn is at a loss Kenny was her son
but when it comes to investigating his
death her hands are tied at work
meanwhile at home the well-intentioned
Geraldine won't stop pestering her to
talk about her feelings instead carolyn
chooses to eat sandwiches alone in her
car while listening to dido and aeneas
an opera that tells the tragic tale of
Queen Dido who dies of grief after being
abandoned by her love later that evening
a surprisingly sober Eve shows up to
Carolyn's flat this time ready to talk
after telling Carolyn about Kenny's
encrypted thumb drive even cysts they
figure out a way to retrieve it from
police custody
thus kicking off Carolyn and Eve's wacky
season 3 adventures we then get a
close-up to the suddenly sinister
looking refrigerator magnet gifted
geraldine by constantin turns out the
old mi6 friend the 12 want Constantine
to keep an eye on is none other than
Carolyn and the magnet is actually a
listening device and we can't forget
about villanelle she has happily
returned to her palatial Villa with
seemingly no repercussions from killing
former trainee Felix but villanelles
good mood soon sours when she discovers
Constantine waiting for her she hurls
random objects at him then needs him in
the groin in turn he tells her how much
he missed her villanelle brags about how
she is well on her way to becoming a
keeper and Constantine laughs because
well the idea of the impulsive
villanelle as management is ridiculous
when she brings up Dasha as proof of her
rising status Constantine reminds her
that Dasha has already betrayed her once
before and shouldn't be trusted she
demands to know how he found her and he
admits that he never stopped working for
the twelve konstantin casually tells her
that eve is alive and about twenty
different emotions a flash across
villanelles face in a matter of seconds
she quickly shakes them off and when
constantine asks if she's okay she
insists that she's absolutely fine even
as a tear rolls down her cheek and she
breaks into laughter and that is it for
the recap tell me do you guys think the
12 killed Kenny it seems obvious but is
it too obvious and now that villanelle
knows eve is alive what do you think her
next move will be let me know in the
comments and as always thank you guys
for watching don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you next week